---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did I do this past week?

Compared to the first week, this past week was relatively eventful. Overall it was not as bad as I might have expected it to be, but then again I usually tend to plan for the worst case and this was merely the second week into this semester, so things can become more interesting in the future.

The brute force solution was not difficult to implement in my code, even with the two optimizations mentioned during class: the midpoint and the computation of two cycles in one step for odd number. The fun part however started when I had to deal with SPOJ. For a good period of time, which lapsed for around two days, I had to keep fighting against the LTE message that just kept on coming back again and again. My first strategy was to use a lazy cache that saves the maximum cycle on evenly divided ranges. Unfortunately, this solution did not work very well for me and reverted to a more basic solution where I saved the cycle value of each number within an array. I am sure I could have done better by using a mixture of lazy, eager, and meta cache but other commitments and my lazy personality got the best of me. Once I passed SPOJ I just moved on to get my code ready for submission by starting with the pylint messages.
 
### What's in my way?

As of right now, I need to work on the remaining specifications that are required for this project to be successfully submitted. Work through pylint’s messages, documentation of the code, make sure all the tracked issues are taken care of and closed, and finally submit the code when ready. It did help to start working on the project at the earliest convenience, but I still have to avoid becoming complacent and having to rush through my work at the very last moment but the code submission deadline.

### What will I do next week? 

In my opinion, the bulk of the work was accomplished the moment the code passed SPOJ. All I am going to do now next week is preparing the code for the final submission, and probably start working on the next project whenever it becomes available to us, unless it is already available.

### Tip of the week

Sometimes I find it difficult to remember certain usefull linux commands that I use every once in a while. If you happen to have the same issue, I would recommend using the command "apropos". This command will return an extensive list of commands that are related to the entered keywords.
