---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did I do this past week?

This past week was very busy. Wrapping up the Netflix project, and working through the career fair and the subsequent interviews that were scheduled during the same week.

The remaining work that was needed to be performed on the Netflix project was not enormous. Once the algorithm was laid out, and the code written, run, and tested all that was needed was to make sure that the code itself was ready to be submitted for grading. This is all thanks to having a great team mate who made the work on this project very smooth and enjoyable.

Concerning my current job hunting safari expedition, it is becoming a bit tough these days, expecially this week, since I am getting interviews scheduled back to back. I am not going to complain, I am very grateful that many companies are willing to consider to be part of their team; however due to my lack of free time, I am starting to feel a strain in making sure that every commitement previously made is accomplished. It is going to be rough, but I will make sure to work through it.

### What's in my way?

It might seem that this week is slightly less stressful since there is not project due neither this week nor the next, but we have to keep in mind that we have a test in the following week, and I am extremely behind in my readings and my notes are in extreme need of some serious revision. 
Besides that, interviewing for jobs is at peak momentum right now. I thought I would have being able to finish my coding challenges this week end and then start working on getting prepared for the exams that I have in two weeks, but I was wrong. I barely had enough time to prepare and finish two challenges, and I still have two to go that I need to submit by Thursday.

I will make it happen.

### What will I do next week? 

Bring my ace game to every single interview I have this week, and make more substancial progress regarding the project I am working on at my part time job.

