---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did I do this past week?

I think that this part of the IDB project started relatively slowly compared to the previous one. There were a couple of pieces that we were not sure how to implement, and how we should get started with. At least from my perspective that's what it felt like, which I totally expected since I pretty much was unable to help much in the last project, so there was a bit of catching up that needed to be done in order for me to understand everything that needs to be done.

The first challenge was getting acquainted with PostgreSQL. Like every things that are at one point unfamiliar in life, it start with a bit of dread towards getting to know the unknown, and then it is just a free fall towards whatever you try to achieve from there onward. After a bit of googling around for answers on how to get started, and fix some of the errors messages on our server when we tried to run PostgreSQL, the task started to seem trivial at the end, especially that most of the interactions with the database are done through the given flask API.

The second obstacle we faced was getting pagination to work on webpage. Looking at some of the projects from the previous semesters, we noticed that a lot of them implemented pagination through some convoluted way using Angular.JS, it was akin to some sort of dark magic ritual. Thanks to flask again, we were able to achieve pagination in a simple way. Gotta love efficient and abstractly simple API that allows to achieve whatever that is needed to be achieved without much hustle.


### What's in my way?

Just about one month left in this class, and only two more weeks until the submission date of the last project. This is pretty much the last stretch home. All I have to do is keep being consistent at what I am doing, stay patient, and be over with this crazy semester.

### What will I do next week? 

Get started with the last project ASAP, and start gettin ready for the final.
