---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did I do this past week?

The past week was extremely busy: onsite interviews, on campus interviews, and last but not least two exams for which one of them was for the OOP class. 

I have to confess that I did not have much time to prepare for this exam, I was barely able to review the previously covered materials, and make a somewhat relevant cheat sheet. I would like to thank all the classmates who shared their own copy of the exam's cheat sheet on piazza, it helped me a lot before and during the exam.
The exam itself was in my opinion fair, it did cover most of the Python sementics and SWE materials that were covered during the first half of this semester. Did I do good? I hope that I did, although there were a couple of questions that I am not sure whether I answered them correctly or not. The time allocated for the test was also fair, I had plenty of time left before the due time. 

I do not have any legitimate complains that concerns the manner how the exam was conducted. The format was what I was expecting. Maybe once I get my copy back with the grade on it, I will have things to say about grading...I am sure the grading will be very fair and to the point. 

### What's in my way?

Now that the exam is over, we are back to working on the next project. The next project contrary to the previous projects seems to provide very little information. It is still early to decide how this project will unfold, however I am sure that me and my partner will be able to overcome any challenges

### What will I do next week? 

Start working on the project, and start wrapping up my remaining job interviews.
