---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did I do this past week?

If there is one adjective I can give to this week, is "Phenomenal". No I did not win the lottery, nor did make a breakthrough towards the cure for Cancer and AIDS. What happened instead was that we finished the last project for this semester.

As benign that might sound, I am just glad I was able to make it through the programming assignments of most of my classes. I did enjoy working on most of them, with the exception of maybe one or two, but man I am so glade I could enjoy this week end. The first week end as a human being after a while.

The last project was fun to work on. Although we did experience some bumps with aspects of what had to be implemented for this week's deliverable, we were able to successfuly work through them and get everything up and working on our website. It is awesome when everyone in the team is always energytic and willing to work on all the current issues, and get everything done within the given time frame. High fives to all the team mates.

With two weeks left in this course, I should not loose sight of the fact that we still have to take an exam before we can write this semester as being done. 


### What's in my way?

Next week we only have one instructions class on Thursday, and then it's turkey and pie day (yaay). It would be a good time to start working on the cheat sheet for the last exam.

### What will I do next week? 

Start studying for the final exam, and also prepare for the presentation. The later will sure be a blast (Stay tuned for the Tuesday next week)
