---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did I do this past week?

If I had to sum it up in one sentence it would be: Netflix and NOT chilling. The project is pretty interesting, given that I have always being interested in doing some sort of big data project. 

This project has shown itself to not be as easy as I suspected it to be, although I was prepared to spend a fair amount of time in being dedicated towards getting it done. The primary challenge was comming up with an algorithm that would allow us to produce movie rating predictions which RMSE would be lower than 1.0. We started by parsing through the given training files and computing the rating averages for each customer and each movie, and then narrowed the set of averages to the movies and costumers that are present in the probe data. This first approach allowed us to reach an RMSE of 1.0, which is descent but still not good enough in order to get the full grade. We decided later on to divide costumers' ratings by the period of time each movie was produced. We based this idea on the premise that while some people might appreciate a certain movie from 1950s they might also appreciate other movies from the same time period. This idea has shown itself to be a succesful approach as me and my partner jubilated in the CS lab when the returned value was 0.97. After a couple of tweaks to our prediction formula we were able to reduce it to 0.95, right on the borderline for the extra-credits.

Python is a super effective language for prototyping has shown itself to be a very effective tool at prototyping ideas/algorithm. 

### What's in my way?

As I previously mentioned, the biggest challenge right now is to figure out the reason behind why our program is running slower than expected. This coming week is a busy week: the career fair is on tuesday, a number of projects due, a number of interviews to prepare for, without even mentioning the part-time job that is consuming a significant part of my time during the day. I have to keep body and mind sharp everyday in order for me to power through this week.

### What will I do next week? 

Get everything ready for the final submission on Thursday!

### Tip of the week

As much as I hate to admit it, social media plays a huge role when it comes to personal branding. If you have not done so already, or might have being slacking on taking about it so far, this is the time to update your LinkedIn profile, and your resumes during the same process. Having a LinkedIn profile has allowed me to put more information about my professional career that would have not being possible to describe entirely in A4 piece of paper. Also if you don't have a Handshake already, you might want to check out too, it has shown itself to me to be a powerful tool to get in touch with recruiters on campus.