---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did I do this past week?

As it was the case for last week, we did not have any new programming assignment to work on (yet).

The theory in the class is still manageable, although I am falling so far behind when it comes to the reading assignment. I definitely should try to at least scan through the chapter that relate the most to the keywords shared by the professor in the piazza post, but to be honest I don't think I will be able to get to reviewing everything by the exam time

Other than that, I have to admit that my primary preocupation right now is working through every interview I have scheduled. I feel this will greatly impact my grade for the first exam, since I really did not had the opportunity to review for the test yet. And since I won't be able to attend classes on Monday and Wednesday next week due to a series of on site interviews, I am sure I will miss some precious meterials that are going to be covered in the exam. To be honest tho, my current priority is getting a job lined up, I will worry about class performance when that is accomplished. 

### What's in my way?

I think you might have guessed it by now: INTERVIEWS!

6 total this week, 3 on site and 3 on campus. And of course two exams scheduled during the same day for OOP and SWE (yaaaay...~kill me plz~)

I still believe that I will make it happen.

### What will I do next week? 

Improve my time management skills. With all the tasks that I have to accompish, and the commitements that I have to respect, I will need to make sure that everything is done in its allocated time in the smoothest manner possible. It honestly feels like playing Tetris on hard mode.