---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did I do this past week?

The first week was what it was expected to be: An overview of professor's plan for the semester, and determining the expectations set for this semester. What I did appreciate was how soon professor Fraij got us involved with the upcoming first project of this class, which will involve Collatz conjecture. Being the impatient person that I am, I spent my week end setting my programming environment (I broke my previous laptop, so I had to buy a new one), do the reading assignments, and learn how to quickly set up this blog for this class using Jekyll which was pretty fun to do.

According to the syllabus, this class will involve a broad set of tools and technologies that I have to get acquainted to as soon as possible. According to students who previously took this class, it seems that the last couple of projects will involve the build of a website. I am excited to get to tht later on this semester.

### What's in my way?

Although the first project seems to only involve Python, a language I am fairly comfortable with at the moment, we were introduced to new concepts that are involved in the way how this project was originally set up. The Collatz project as it is in its original format is devided into three parts: A class involving the logic that needs to be implemented by us students, a class involving unit testing, and another class that involves computing the tests coverage of the code. I did not encounter anything like this before, but again I do have a very limited exposure to the industry's best practices. 

So what's in my way you might ask? As of this very moment, it seems like everything involving this class, which is a good sign. It means that I will have the opportunity to expand my set of skills, I just have to be deligent in my work and take one solid step at a time.

### What will I do next week? 

My current list of tasks still involves increasing my familiarity with the tools necessary for this class, and work through the Collatz project. I assume the first project was designed for the purpose of getting more familiar with Python and the tools that are going to be used for the rest of this class, which means that it will be a great opportunity to sharpen those skills even further. Honestly I am not too worried about that, professor Fraij seems to have constructed the class in a way that will provide us with a great exposure to a maximum set of tools and industry's best practices, and I am eager to make the most out of it.
