---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did I do this past week?

The start of the last of this project started at a relatively slow pace. Most of us were not able to effectively start working on this part of this project until around the end of last week.

The main challenge that we faced was the implementation of the search engine, and displaying on the search results page. We tried first to follow the provided example projects from the previous semesters. The unfortunate thing that we did not notice until earlier this week was that some of the tools, such as the searcheablity in SQLAlchemy was updated a couple of months ago, which meant that we had to do more research and play with the tools a little more until we were able to hit the sweet spot and get it to work in an effectively.

The main challenge we are facing this week is being able to deliver all the requirements on time. Although we are making some steady progress every day, the sheer number of other projects we have to work on at the same time is starting to take its toll on us. One thing is for sure tho, we will make it through this week, and we will be glad that we did.

### What's in my way?

A couple of things still need to be accomplished. We still need to experiment with the other group's API, and set up the page the needed wiki pages in order for us to reach the golden 5000 words count, and get that writing flag we are all hunting after (woot woot!).

Let the rivers of caffein flow, and the days long enough to get some time to get some work done.

### What will I do next week? 

Wrap up the all the projects, and get wasted on Friday.
