---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did I do this past week?

Class wise, we did not cover any new materials. Instead we got the opportunity to listen to software engineer professionals from Spice Works, and Pariveda (pronounced as "Party data"...don't ask me why). It was an interesting couple of talks, providing us with an insight on what it is like to work in the industry, both as a software engineer and as a professional. My take away from the talks is that the career of a software engineer is a path of continuous self-learning and self-improvement, many technology stacks need to be understood well enough in order to make sure that one is able to efficiently deliver the product.

Regarding the project, we did some progress last week by setting up PostgresSQL on our server. It was a bit of a cluncky start, as we had no idea where to start from, and how everything would actually work together. At the end we were able, through researching our problems online and asking a bunch a questions, set up the database on our machine, as well put and fetch data values in the corresponding tables currently residing in the database. It was very interesting to see how flask works as an interface when interacting with the database itself.

### What's in my way?

We have somem issue in generating the pydoc for our project, the problem seems to be comming from pydoc's inability to import one of our modules. The problem is currently still under investigation. I hope we will be able to solve it prior to the submission deadline, we already had a couple of points deducted from our last submission because of this same problem.

### What will I do next week? 

Finish up the project, and get it ready for the final submission.
