---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

### What did I do this past week?

Class wise, this week was very light given the Thanksgiving break I am sure most of got to enjoy, at least I did. With the lack of project that we had to work on and the little material we covered during class, I am afraid there isn't much to talk about this week.

We continued covering the the different types of design patterns, and the pro and cons for each pattern that we discussed. I still have some difficulty understanding in what context each of the design patterns would be used in a given project. I wish this class could have covered these topics a bit earlier during the semester so that we might have being able to try and apply them in one of the projects if that was needed.

Besides wrestling against Turkeys, and enjoying some eight hour sleep night for the first time in a while, I started preparing for the last exam for this class. So far I was able to make some good progress towards reviewing all the materials that we covered since the first exam, I just have to start writing my cheat sheet for me to use during the exam next week.

Speaking of the cheat sheet, I always end up facing the same problem when I have to write one, which is deciding what information do I really want to have in my paper. While I try to be pragmatic and have a little bit of every single topic we covered during class, I do find myself sometimes enticed to have more information on the paper about a specific topic that I feel I will be more likely to forget during the exam than another, until I find myself with a useless cheat sheet where very information that is needed to answer the exam questions are in fact within said cheat sheet (welp!).

### What's in my way?

Last week before enjoying the long awaited break. The final hurdle is the last exam. We shall vanquish the exam's question rise victorious!

### What will I do next week? 

Study for the last exam, pass the exam, and move on forward with my break in Morocco to visit the familly, and later with my last semester at UT.
