---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did I do this past week?

This past week, me and my team mate started working on the first IDB. We had a bit of a slow start due the on site interviews I had this past week, as well as other assignments for other classes, nonetheless we were able to get our act together and pick up the pace as early as it was possible.

I have never done any web development before, so a lot of the technologies and tools that are to be used are completely unfamilliar to me. Some of my team mates seem to be in the same boat, however they seem to be very motivated and willing to wrangle with these newly found challenges. It makes me glade to be in this team, although I wish I had more time in my disposale for me to be more effective. Working 15 hours a week, taking 3 challenging classes this semester, and going through the interviewing process for the purpose of scoring a full time job upon my graduation is redering me very innefective in this project.

So far we were able to agree on a topic at a relatively early stage during this project, we were also able to set up a couple of pages for our website, as well as the major outlines that will support it. We still have to set up the flask files, and the database in order to meet this project's requirements.

### What's in my way?

The hardest thing that I have to face from my end is the lack of time that I can spend working with the team. A lot of time I find myself playing catch up in order to figure out what I am supposed to do in order to help the project in moving forward. I wish there was more than 24 hours in a day, and I didn't have to sleep much, if not at all.

### What will I do next week? 

Get the project ready for final submission.
